All ready so many of you have felt the cool breeze.
Now, very simple thing has to be done, extremely simple.
As I told you, the left side is the power of your desire.
And the right side, the right hand is the power of action.
So we put left hand like this.
And both the feet should be on the ground, separated.
Those, who are sitting on the ground, are all right,
the way you are sitting is the best way.
Now, the right hand has to be acting
as the nourishing instrument for our centers.
Good.
So as I have told you, there are two conditions,
that you are not to feel guilty,
and that you have to forgive everyone.
So now, first we'll have to put our hand on our heart,
because in the heart resides the spirit.
Now, if you are the spirit,
you are also your guide, your Guru.
So you have to move to the upper part of your abdomen,
on the left-hand side.
[This is?] the center of your mastery.
Left hand towards me, left towards me, left hand, and right.
Now, then you have to move your right hand
in the lower portion of your abdomen,
which is the center of pure knowledge.
Pure knowledge is the one,
that manifests through our central nervous system.
And we can feel the cool breeze,
we can feel the all-pervading power,
and so many things are, ah ...
they become part and parcel within ourselves, the experience.
Again, now we have to take it up
in the upper part of our abdomen, on the left-hand side.
We are only working on the left-hand side.
Then we have to raise our right hand on our heart.
Then we have to take our right hand
in the corner of our neck and our shoulder
and turn our head to our right.
Turn your head to your right.
Now, this is the center you catch, when you feel guilty.
A very dangerous thing, because it gives you angina,
it gives you spondylitis, it gives you so many problems.
Now, you have to take your hand and put it across on your forehead.
This is the center of forgiveness.
You have to take your hand on the backside of your head,
and put your head slowly on it.
Now, this is the center for asking forgiveness.
Now, stretch your hand
and put the center of your balm
on top of the fontanel bone area,
which was a soft bone in your childhood.
Now press it hard and push back your fingers.
And move it seven times clockwise.
Push back your fingers and with pressure move it.
That's all we have to do
and now we have to close our eyes
and please don't open your eyes, till I tell you.
Ah, you can take out your spectacles, if you want.
You have to sit very comfortably,
not bending, nor stretching too much,
but in a simple manner,
and you have to keep your both the feet apart from each other.
Now, please put your left hand towards me.
So keep it comfortably, throughout.
Now, put your right hand on your heart.
Close your eyes, please.
And don't open them, till I tell you.
Now, please ask me a very fundamental question,
putting the hand on your heart, three times.
You can call me, Shri Mataji or Mother.
"Mother, am I the spirit?"
Now, as I have told you,
if you are the spirit, you become your own master.
You don't need anybody to guide you.
So please, put your right hand on the upper portion of your abdomen
and ask a question three times:
"Mother, am I my own master?"
Now, you have to know, that I cannot cross over your freedom.
I have to respect it.
In your own glory you have to ask for pure knowledge.
I cannot force on you.
So please, take your right hand
in the lower portion of your abdomen, on the left-hand side.
Here you have to say six times,
because this center has got six petals,
six times you have to say:
"Mother, please give me pure knowledge."
As soon as you have asked for pure knowledge,
this power, Kundalini-power of pure desire, starts rising.
So, we have to give, ah ...
... nourishment to higher centers,
so they make it easy for the Kundalini, to pass through.
Now, raise your right hand
in the, on the left-hand side of your abdomen, in the upper part,
and press it hard.
This is the center of your mastery.
So, here you have to say, with full confidence,
with full confidence, ten times:
"Mother, I am my own master."
Please, say it ten times.
Now, the truth about you is,
that you are not this body,
you are not this mind, you are not this intellect.
You are not these emotions,
you are not your conditionings or ego,
but you are pure spirit.
So raise your right hand on your heart,
and say it with full confidence:
"Mother, I am the spirit."
Please, say it twelve times.
We have to know,
that the divine is the ocean of love and compassion.
It is the ocean of joy and bliss.
But above all, it is the ocean of forgiveness.
So, we cannot commit any mistake,
which can not be dissolved by this powerful ocean of forgiveness.
So forgive yourself,
and put your right hand in the corner of your neck,
and turn your head to the right.
And here you say,
with full confidence in yourself, sixteen times:
"Mother, I am not guilty at all."
Many of you will say, that it is difficult to forgive.
But whether you forgive, or you don't forgive,
you don't do anything, it is a myth.
But if you don't forgive, then you play into wrong hands.
So please now, put your right hand on your forehead across
and press it on both the sides, and bend your head.
And here you have to say:
"Mother, I forgive everyone."
Say it from your heart, not how many times, but from your heart:
Please, forgive genuinely.
Take back your hand,
and push your head on it, upward.
Here you have to say, from your heart:
"Oh divine, if I have done any mistake, please forgive me."
But do not feel guilty, and do not count your mistakes.
Just say it for your own satisfaction.
Push back your head fully.
Now, take your right hand on top of your head,
and put the center of your balm
on top of your fontanel bone area
and press it hard and push back your fingers.
Please, do it carefully.
Keep the left hand towards me.
Now, press it hard and move it, clockwise, seven times
with great force, slowly, seven times, your scalp.
But here again, I cannot cross over your freedom, I respect it.
So I cannot force self-realization on you,
you have to say, seven times:
"Mother, please give me self-realization."
Push back your fingers, push back your fingers.
Now, please remove your hand.
Open your eyes slowly.
Put both the hands towards me.
And watch me, without thinking.
Now, put right hand towards me
and left hand, you put down your head
and see for yourself, with the left hand,
if there is a cool breeze coming out.
Now, it can be little far away,
for some people can be closer,
but has to be about the fontanel bone area, to feel it.
Now, now please, put your left hand towards me,
and put down your head, and see for yourself,
if there is a cool breeze, coming from your head.
Don't think about it, don't think.
Now, once again, put your right hand towards me
and put your left hand on top of your head
and see for yourself, if there is a cool breeze coming out.
Bend your head, without bending you won't [do it?].
Now, please put both your hands towards the sky,
and ask anyone of these questions, three times:
"Mother, is this the cool breeze of the Holy Ghost?"
"Mother, is this the all pervading power of Gods love?"
"Mother, is this the Paramachaitanya?"
Ask anyone of these questions, three times.
Now, take down your hands.
those who have felt cool breeze out of their head,
or on their hands,
please, raise both your hands.
Everyone, everyone has felt, practically.
So first those who have felt, can come and shake hands with me,
and then, who have not felt, should come,
because then it is easier,
for those people who have felt, can go away,
and we look after the people, who have not felt it.